[enterprise-4.17] RHDEVDOCS-6089: Deprecate tech preview for Shared Resource CSI driver (#81605)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ephemeral-storage-csi-inline-overview.adoc

== Support limitations

[IMPORTANT]
====

> The Shared Resource CSI Driver feature is now generally available in link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/builds_for_red_hat_openshift/1.1[builds for Red Hat OpenShift 1.1]. This feature is now deprecated in the OpenShift Container Platform. To use this feature, ensure you are using builds for Red Hat OpenShift 1.1 or a more recent version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Shared Resource CSI Driver feature is now generally available in link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/builds_for_red_hat_openshift/1.1[{builds-v2title} 1.1]. This feature is now deprecated in {product-title}. To use this feature, ensure you are using {builds-v2title} 1.1 or a more recent version.
```

====

By default, {product-title} supports CSI inline ephemeral volumes with these limitations:

* Support is only available for CSI drivers. In-tree and FlexVolumes are not supported.

> * The Shared Resource CSI Driver supports using inline ephemeral volumes only to access `Secrets` or `ConfigMaps` across multiple namespaces as a Technology Preview feature in the OpenShift Container Platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Shared Resource CSI Driver supports using inline ephemeral volumes only to access `Secrets` or `ConfigMaps` across multiple namespaces as a Technology Preview feature in {product-title}.
```
